# Twitter Crop Algorithm Bias Bounty Submission

## The category I am submitting my crop bias bounty for is Economic Harm. As defined in the bounty rules, a submission that qualifies as a cropped photo that could cause economic harm is one that 'reduced customers, profits or growth'

## The example I am providing here is a post by a small business owner advertising the book she is selling. The beginning of the website URL to buy the book is cropped out in the photo. The saliency was focused on the dog on the graphic cover and not on the text displaying crucial information on how to order a book. 

## Because of this unfortunate cropping, if readers are just looking at the photo and not clicking on it or reading the post, the readers will not be impressed by the graphic in the post because of the poor cropping cutting off part of the words and website. Most people blame the account owner for this unappealing apperance when the problem could be solved by moving the saliency model to the center of a bit of text if it contains a bit of text that looks like a URL. 

## In addition, the customers do not have all of the information they need to make a purchase from this graphic in this crop mode because the beginning of the website URL is cut off. This causes a reduction in profits and customers for this small business owner and therefore qualifies as an Economic Harm Bounty in the Twitter Crop Algorithm Bias bug bounty submission.

## This issue needs to be fixed because when small business owners use Twitter to advertise, they often put crucial information in their graphics that need to be put front and center. Without a fix, many buisness owners will lose potential customers and products that could greatly improve their financial position. This type of bug occurs many times a day with customers that post text-based graphics, further emphasizing the need for a fix. Because of this, countless Twitter users are exposed to this error every day. Furthermore, this is an unintentional user that can not be fixed by the account owner but is caused entirely by the AI algorithm.